.
(voight)
who the hell left the can
in here?
Almost cost us the entire case.
I'm bumping you back down
to uniform.
You wanted to see us, sergeant?
Burgess, you're in intelligence
till further notice.
How you holding up?
Same as everyone else,
i guess.
Don't let this turn into
a banana peel for you.
You know what
i'm talking about.
Times like this, you need
to be around family.
I'm so sorry
you lost your friend.
I didn't lose her.
I got her killed.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[groans]
[hisses]
[sighs]
[phone chirps]
You turned off the alarm
on my phone?
I let you sleep in.
You tampered with my phone.
[bunny scoffs]
(bunny)
everything's a conspiracy
with you.
"tampered."
You tied one on last night
and i let you sleep in.
You know, it was
really nice,
You talking about
what's on your mind.
But...What happened to nadia
is truly terrible,
And if you want to talk
about it, i am so here for you.
Whatever i said
last night,
Chalk it up
to a whiskey neat.
This coffee is insane.
Did you heat it
with a flamethrower?
Never complained before.
I guess my tastes have
changed since middle school.
It's late.
I've got to go, but thank you.
You're not gonna
eat anything?
You are tiny.
Maybe next time.
[door buzzes]
Sergeant, a little help here?
How's that, burgess?
The palm scanner didn't work.
I filled out the thing.
That is not my concern.
Sorry, i can't really see you.
Did you say something or--
No.
Call up.
Sergeant, i don't
call up anymore.
I scan in.
And yet.
Darlin', hey...
Your voice really carries.
Um.
Hey, so, listen, i know
you know the drill up there
And everything,
but it's your first day.
You're gonna love it.
Just keep your head down.
Do the work.
Don't try and
draw attention to yourself.
He kind of hates that.
What, are you afraid
to say his name?
No, i'm not afraid
to say his name--
Multiple shots fired
at lakeshore sports and fitness.
We gotta go.
- No.
- Um...
- Sarge, do i go upstairs, sir?
- There's nobody shot upstairs.
Okay.
[sirens wailing]
[indistinct chatter]
Responding officer
says five victims so far.
Uh-huh.
Last shot fired
two minutes ago.
Shooters could
still be inside.
- How many?
- No idea.
(antonio)
witness says they're wearing
balaclavas and tac gear.
Swat and deputy are en route.
- Should i initiate a plan 4?
- Yes.
On my authority.
And contain this crowd.
None of these people
can leave.
Go! Go!
[fire alarm wailing]
What, now we got a fire alarm?
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
[alarm wailing]
Clear up top.
¶ ¶
(woman)
[whimpering and crying]
(olinsky)
cpd. Get outside.
(woman)
oh!
¶ ¶
Hey, stay right there.
Adam...
(olinsky)
chicago pd.
There's three of us
and one of you.
¶ ¶
Let me see your hands.
- [grunts]
- stay down.
¶ ¶
[door opens]
We're clear.
They're gone.
Antonio, basement's clear.
I hope your
perimeter's in place.
(antonio on radio)
copy.
Three got away.
We have one in custody.
Huh.
Why don't you guys
grab a soda?
Mm-hmm.
[tense music]
¶ ¶
[clears throat]
- There's four shooters.
- Mm-hmm.
I took a position
on the guy behind.
I discharged
my weapon twice.
- All right.
- He didn't fall.
He swung his rifle on me.
You id the guy yet?
Is he local?
We're still
working on it.
I'll ask you again.
What's your name?
¶ ¶
I'm gonna id you.
And we'll id
the rest of the shooters.
They'll have this wrapped up
Before the papers
come out tomorrow.
[keys jingling]
You got a choice right now.
Play it smart.
Tell me who they are.
The others.
I'm not gonna fall
for your cop tricks.
No tricks here.
[inhales sharply]
Who are they?
Where did they go?
¶ ¶
[grunts]
Where are they?
Man, what are you
trying to prove?
Where are they?
If you have to ask,
You're already too late.
¶ ¶
At 8:23 am,
four shooters entered
The lakeshore sport and fitness
and started killing.
We have
four confirmed dead males
And one female vic
in surgery at chicago med.
Now we have one shooter
in custody.
He remains unidentified.
Three other shooters
are at large.
The fbi is looking
for a terrorist link.
Intelligence will be
coordinating the ground game.
The fusion unit's
tapping area cameras.
Air one is scanning rooftops.
Who here is cta?
All right, stop all trains
out of state and lake.
- And i need all buses rerouted.
- Mm-hmm.
- Cfd.
- Yeah?
We need four ambos on standby
in case of another incident.
Now, they burned
their suits and masks,
So we don't know what
they look like right now.
Patrolman spotted four guys
wearing all black
Park a car two blocks east.
Ran the plates,
car came back hot.
Inside were 400 rounds
of m855s, armor piercing.
All right, i'll redirect patrol
and set up a grid search.
Move fast, move smart.
Let's find these guys
and keep those ambos empty.
All right.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
Um...Do you have
an extra shirt in your car?
I didn't get a chance
to run home.
- Yeah, sure.
- Thanks.
Am i the last one to say
welcome to intelligence?
The first, actually.
Crazy day.
What's up, burgess?
Hey.
I pieced this together.
It's the bad guys' route
through the club.
Now you see how fast
they clear that space?
They cover every avenue,
every point of domination.
And they go down the stairs...
Send everyone running...
But they don't fire
a single shot
Until this guy
gets in their way.
Then they don't hesitate.
Single shot to the head.
Now, let me ask,
what's this look like to you?
- Their formation.
- It looks military to me.
Yeah.
That's where we lose 'em.
No eyes on the squash courts.
[suspenseful music]
These guys, they throw
wild shots into one court.
[camera shutter clicking]
Then three hits over here.
[camera clicking]
One, two, three.
Three shots,
three bodies.
This isn't random.
¶ ¶
(nick)
i was here on
my friend's guest pass.
She, um...
She was one of the ones...
Who...
She's got the best doctors
in the city working on her.
She's gonna be fine.
It's okay if
you need a minute.
I'm good.
You were on your way
to the locker room.
When they came up...
Four of them.
Sh--she panicked and...
And they shot her.
Just 'cause she was
in the way.
We'll need to test you
for gunshot residue.
It's just a formality.
And then they came down
to my court.
To court five.
Directly across from court two?
That's right.
And then he opened the door
and he just started shooting.
I dove to the ground.
When i looked up, i could still
see into the other court.
- Into court two?
- Yes.
It was...
Hey, hey.
It was awful
and i just keep seeing it.
I--i'm sorry.
[somber music]
We were supposed
to have lunch together.
You knew the victims?
Um, we worked together
At elkarn and associates.
We're a law firm.
They were senior partners.
Well, what do you got?
Well, we ran the, uh,
unknown offender's prints
Through ncic.
He's not in the system.
We thought these guys
were army,
But i struck out there, too.
Is he on a watch list?
You know, homeland security?
Fbi?
No, but something weirder
popped.
See, his prints matched
a set lifted from a homicide
Two days ago in
paoli, indiana.
(ruzek)
the victim's name
was richard davis.
He worked for lancaster chemical
as an engineer.
He was shot point blank.
I got a call in to
the lead detective.
Then today's shooting spree,
what's the nexus?
Lancaster chemical, sir.
Engineer worked there,
elkarn and associates
Represents them.
Four of their partners
were killed today.
Yeah,
three in the squash courts,
And one on the stairs.
(ruzek)
he was running late.
The four lawyers,
they were targeted.
We just don't know why yet.
We still need to
identify these killers.
Well, run them through
the indiana dmv
If that's where
they came from.
You know, snap a picture,
Try and get a visual match.
Maybe we can id them
that way.
Yeah, mouse can't do
facial recognition.
Not without official access
to the indiana dmv servers.
Not legally anyway.
Get it done.
Let's go.
Made a mistake killing
that engineer in indiana.
Indiana's got the needle.
So here's the last good deal
you're gonna get.
You tell us where
your friends went,
We'll try you in chicago.
Spend the rest of your life
playing tonk
In the yard
at stateville.
Otherwise, we ship you
back to indiana,
You die strapped
to a table.
[tense music]
Are there other targets?
You don't know anything,
do you?
I know one thing.
You're running
out of time.
[clicks]
(atwater)
gotta meet with the ia tomorrow.
(roman)
yeah?
What's your fop rep say?
(atwater)
very little.
Making me real nervous, man.
Meantime, i'm getting headhunted
by this corporate security gig.
I had a good interview.
Yeah, you don't get
to wear the blue, though.
Got a feeling somebody
in headquarters
Might be real happy
about that.
Who cares, man?
Always going to be some moron
with stripes on his sleeve
Doesn't like
the way you work.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
They were here.
We got eyes.
¶ ¶
Hold on, atwater.
We're searching.
How long?
I'm pulling from, like,
four different
City departments here.
All right, we got it.
We see you.
Okay, scroll back.
Was there just a vehicle
parked here a few minutes ago?
Play that.
That's a warning shot.
We got him.
They're in
a street and sans truck.
- This is--when is this?
- Three minutes ago.
- License plate mary-84307.
- Oh, damn.
I can check with oemc,
see if there's a gps.
Just find the truck.
Atwater?
[suspenseful music]
It was just here!
¶ ¶
(atwater)
no, no!
Stop that truck!
Stop the truck!
Give me your keys.
Give me the damn keys.
¶ ¶
[police siren blaring]
2113 emergency,
we're in pursuit
Of a blue city of chicago
garbage truck,
Headed westbound on madison.
- 2113, copy.
- Use caution.
Offenders are armed
and extremely dangerous.
[tires screeching]
[honking]
[police siren blaring]
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
- Freeway.
- Roger. Offenders are headed
For the on-ramp to 290 west.
We're in pursuit.
- Copy that.
- Wait, cancel that.
(woman over radio)
canceling.
[glass shattering]
[police siren blaring]
[siren silences]
¶ ¶
[gunfire]
2113 emergency.
The truck we were pursuing
Crashed into
224 west randolph street.
Shots fired.
Send us help, squad.
(woman over radio)
copy that.
Backup on the way.
[gunfire]
He's shooting
the cameras out.
- Antonio.
- Move it!
- Go for dawson.
- Cancel the manhunt.
We got the shooters,
and they're taking hostages.
Come on.
You want to give this up?
[sirens wailing]
(lindsay)
five shooting victims.
Now five fatalities.
The one girl who got in
their way died in surgery.
Uh, leanna palomo,
she was 30.
Those four were
the targets.
Lawyers from
elkarn and associates.
Oh, yeah, i spoke with the
managing partner at the firm.
All four of them
worked on lancaster chemical
And had contact with
the engineer last month.
I'll find out why.
(voight)
i don't think
this is terrorism.
This is some kind of
corporate revenge.
You should alert the fbi.
And the motive is
what, exactly?
We don't know,
but we'll dig it out.
Who knows about this?
- So far--
- no one.
And no one can
until we identify these shooters
And get them
off the streets.
No press, no other units.
I'll run interference
as long as i can,
But i want
these killers identified.
Sir, the ceo
of lancaster chemical
Is in chicago today.
The company's
being acquired.
I-i reached out.
Find out how their company's
wrapped up in this, all right?
And id the shooters,
we're on it.
Sir.
I don't need you
to cover for me.
I'm not covering.
I'm protecting you.
From what?
Listen, erin,
we're the only ones
Who know about this
lancaster chemical connection.
No weak links today.
So i'm the weak link.
You're distracted.
Sergeant, something happened
at the scene.
[siren wails]
That's your ride.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
[indistinct chatter]
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
Mm.
(man)
i have 12 hostages
and four automatic rifles.
Who am i speaking to?
This is sergeant
hank voight.
(man)
pleased to meet you,
sergeant.
I'm sure.
What do i call you?
(man)
you want a name?
I want to insure
every citizen in that building
Gets out alive.
You cooperate and maybe
you can join 'em.
(man)
you on the roof yet?
Two four-man swat teams
should be in position by now.
Lights are still on in here,
so i'm guessing
You didn't figure out
how to cut the power.
You a cop?
(man)
found a police manual
at the library.
Well, you and your friends
walk out of there,
I can give you
a private tutorial.
(man)
we're not walking out of here
until we get what we need.
We need a cta bus
with blackout windows,
$500,000 cash
denominated in 20s,
And a safe route
out of town.
You have 30 minutes, sergeant,
or i start killing hostages.
And i will kill one
for every lie you tell.
- You voight?
- Yeah.
Carson hicks,
swat team leader.
Hey.
You got three shooters
in there?
That's right.
One in custody and three inside.
You got two teams on site,
Two snipers looking for
a side way in.
All right, let's move.
No more casualties.
Mr. Mclelland, mr. Hastings,
thank you for meeting with us.
It's a sad day.
Our hearts go out to the
elkarn and associates family.
They lost brilliant minds
this morning.
Listen, mr. Mclelland,
we're a little confused.
Hoping you can help us.
Four of your lawyers
were killed.
Assassinated, really.
We tied
the very same shooters
To the murder of one
of your employees
At lancaster chemical.
I'm sorry,
your question is?
- Well--
- these men were targeted,
And we think you know why.
[tense music]
Richard davis was an engineer
at our paoli facility.
He was fired for cause
four months--
What was the cause?
As, uh, legal counsel,
all i'm prepared to say
Is that's
a confidential matter.
With all due respect,
mr. Hastings,
We've got a situa--
Five men
tied to your company are dead.
See this?
Go ahead.
Take a look.
There's no cameras in here.
You can speak freely.
Really look at them.
Davis stole trade secrets.
Right.
And we know he signed
A $2 million settlement
with lancaster chemical
A week before
he was murdered.
Managing partners found this
highly unusual.
Why would you pay off
a thief who you just fired?
And what did he
steal, exactly?
Officers,
this settlement included
A non-disclosure agreement.
Do you understand
that the men who did this
Are holding hostages
right now?
And more people
are gonna die.
So what is going on?
What the hell are you hiding?
This is an emotional day
for all of us,
But to suggest
that my company
Has anything to do
with what's happened--
You've said enough, mark.
If you'll excuse us,
we have a meeting across town.
I'm sure you do.
[tense music]
¶ ¶
[vomiting]
[panting]
[faucet running]
[faucet shuts off]
[moans]
How are you feeling,
detective?
Oh, no complaints.
Huh.
'cause i was thinking
maybe you should go home.
[locker closes]
Because i misbehaved
in front of a rich guy?
Because you look sick.
(platt)
let me ask you
a personal question.
Why?
Because i feel like it
and i outrank you,
So just shut up
for a second, okay?
Who have you talked to?
I mean, really talked to
Since nadia died?
Well, she didn't die.
She was murdered.
Erin, the guy
was unhinged.
No one in this building,
Or anywhere else
for that matter,
Blames you.
Thanks, sarge.
I'll take that under advisement.
[somber music]
Their bus is ten minutes out.
That's ten minutes
off their schedule.
Cash?
500 grand?
We're waiting on hq.
You want to chip in?
[phone ringing]
Hit it.
This is voight.
(man)
time's up.
We're working on
your demands.
(man)
i don't believe you.
Yeah, well, i don't believe
you're going to kill anyone.
We lying to each other now?
That doesn't work.
(man)
we don't tell lies.
Look, i need more time.
The cta is working,
But i can't get you
what you want by magic.
How about you send out
a hostage
As a sign of good faith?
(man)
if i send a hostage out,
It'll be with a bullet
in the back of her head.
You're out of time.
That's it,
we're going in.
No.
No, hold on.
Something ain't right.
Get halstead on the roof.
I'm going in alone.
[dramatic music]
Let's go.
¶ ¶
All right, i got it.
Chicago police!
This is sergeant voight.
I'm coming in.
No line of sight
to the shooters.
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
Turn around.
Nice and slow.
¶ ¶
Okay, you can lose the hardware.
I'm unarmed.
- Isn't for you.
- He's clean.
No one's coming in.
You have my word.
Yeah?
And where's my bus?
[shotgun cocks]
¶ ¶
We don't start trusting
each other,
None of us are leaving
on our feet.
¶ ¶
All units,
stand down.
(voight)
no one moves without my say so.
Copy.
Be advised, no shot.
Ten yards north,
we'd have an angle.
He'll have to
draw them out.
¶ ¶
It's just me.
Thought it was time
we speak face to face.
You said 12 hostages.
They're in the back
with a gun on them
Just like this one.
Well, what i gotta say,
you all gotta hear,
- Including your man in back.
- We've heard enough.
But i don't think
you're listening.
We warned you what'd happen
if you jerk us around.
Take a look out there.
I got half of cpd
begging to come in heavy.
Now i can get you
what you want,
But you gotta help me
keep swat out of here.
Show me the hostages.
I gotta make sure
no one needs medical attention.
None of them hurt so bad
they can't wait a day.
That's your plan?
Hunker down here all night?
Don't worry about
our plan.
I'm not asking.
Show me the hostages.
¶ ¶
Don't move.
- Come on.
- [sobbing]
Over here.
[sobbing
On your knees.
Don't kill me!
- What's your name?
- Don't kill me.
Please answer
the question.
Rebecca.
(man)
anyone hurt you, rebecca?
Mistreated you in any way?
- No.
- What about the others?
Everyone's...
We're okay.
(man)
get her out of here.
- Let's go.
- [sobbing]
¶ ¶
- Hey.
- Hey, you guys got something?
The facial recognition
on our unknown shooter.
I finally got a hit
off the indiana dmv.
Meet evan kozelek, 32,
from paoli, indiana.
It's a local paper,
about a year ago.
(ruzek)
that's evan serving as a
pallbearer for the funeral
Of an eight-year-old girl,
his niece.
She died of lymphoma.
Read the next part.
It what this is
all about.
(ruzek)
yeah.
Mouse, patch me in
to voight.
You've seen the hostages.
About that bus?
- It's on its way.
- Not good enough.
Voight, can you hear me?
I hear you.
Oh, do you?
Do you?
'cause if it
don't come soon,
My man back there
starts shooting.
(lindsay)
one of the shooters is
owen kozelek, 44 years old.
He's an ex-marine.
The offender in custody
is his brother.
How many you think he drops
Before your jackboots
breach my house?
Owen lost his daughter
last year.
Hank, the family blames
lancaster chemical's
Test facility
for making her sick.
I understand.
Then what are you
still doing here?
He called the engineer
11 times in the weeks
Leading up to his murder.
This is about
your little girl, owen.
That's what
this is about, right?
We know about
lancaster chemical.
It took us a while
to figure it out.
Lawyers at the club, engineer
in indiana, but we know.
You don't know
a damn thing.
So help me.
What else
do i need to know?
Owen, don't listen
to him.
First some adults
get sick.
Then the mckenny boys
across town.
I've got a shot.
Next thing i know,
I'm burying
my eight-year-old girl.
Kids don't just die
like that.
Someone had to pay.
Lancaster's been dumping
waste for years.
It got in the water table.
Poisoned a whole town
my people been living in
Since pioneer days.
Owen, i got a son
of my own.
I've done things i never should
have done to keep him safe.
I get it.
You got a story
to tell.
If you walk out now, you got
a chance to tell your side.
We're not going anywhere.
[suspenseful music]
You all going down together?
(owen)
he knows what he signed up for.
What about the guy in back?
(voight)
let's bring him out here.
Let's see what he's made of.
(owen)
not happening.
I'm starting to think maybe
i'm talking to the wrong guy.
I'm starting to think
maybe you don't call the--
- Shut up!
- [grunts]
[gunshot]
All units,
breach, breach, breach!
[grunting]
[gunfire]
[both grunting]
Aah!
(antonio)
chicago police!
- It's okay.
- Move, move, move.
Hey, i thought we were being
honest with each other, huh?
[dark music]
[indistinct chatter]
- [grunts]
- hostages are safe.
But the last shooter's
in the wind.
No, there never was
a third shooter here.
They were playing us
the whole time.
So where the hell
is he?
¶ ¶
So, area central id'd our
third shooter as ray kozelek.
He's evan and owen's brother.
(lindsay)
he's got priors for battery,
illegally concealing a handgun.
Up until today,
he was the bad egg.
Owen's a former marine,
Served everywhere
from kosovo to kuwait.
We think he probably
trained the family for this.
So we got
these two in custody.
Our last shooter's
still out there.
Well, if it's a family affair,
Let's shake the tree.
Maybe another kozelek falls out.
It's a...
It's a big tree.
Look, i pulled
the brother's financials,
Looked into known associates,
Anyone who would make sense
as a co-conspirator.
A list of siblings,
aunts, uncles, and cousins.
I mean, it's a mile long.
They're like jackrabbits,
the kozeleks.
(olinsky)
well, get indiana state police
To account for
every one of these folks.
Wait.
This guy.
Nick sutter.
He was there,
at the athletic club.
We took a statement
from him.
He was with
the woman who got shot.
He was a witness.
He was posing as one.
I cleared him.
Nicholas sutter is ray's son.
He goes by his stepdad's name.
19 years old, no priors.
So his cousin is
the little girl who died.
(burgess)
i followed protocol.
I had him swabbed
For gunshot residue.
Came back clean.
I cannot believe this.
I mean, we had him.
So nick's dad and uncles
Draw our attention away
from the club,
While he falls in with
the witnesses and slips out.
So they aren't finished?
They have another target.
We've got to locate mclelland
And the legal counsel,
hastings, now.
[tense music]
¶ ¶
Hey.
Mind if i borrow this?
- It's all yours, al.
- All right.
¶ ¶
Hey.
Tuck in your shirt,
lose the badge.
Come here.
¶ ¶
Ambitious plan.
Hiding your nephew
in plain sight.
Diverting police resources so
you could finish the mission.
¶ ¶
This is the asa
who's gonna handle your case.
Show him, kim.
¶ ¶
This is it.
The files the engineer
was gonna give you.
This is what
you were after, right?
Call your nephew.
There's nothing
for nick to do now.
It's over.
Davis wasn't the enemy.
Davis was an employee.
He had enough proof
to bury lancaster.
Toxicity studies.
Internal communications.
He was gonna give it to us.
Help us get justice for ellie.
Until they bought his silence
for 2 million.
You need to help us
bring nick in
Before anybody else gets hurt.
Mclelland's on a plane
right now.
You're never gonna
get to him.
Then it doesn't matter.
Does it?
Come on, kim.
Let's go.
¶ ¶
Did you see that?
- Yeah.
- He didn't even flinch.
Mclelland was
never the target.
They're going after
hastings.
Mm-hmm.
Our shooter knows how to
hide in plain sight.
He proved as much this morning.
Check stairwells, garages, any
place he could be laying low.
Got it.
All right, the rest of us,
We're gonna wait for
this maniac to come to us.
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
And i am excited about
this prospect.
Chicago pd.
Please stay calm.
Everyone stay in your seats.
We need to talk.
Sorry, but this is
not the time.
Five people were murdered today
In retaliation for actions you
took on behalf of this company.
Now they're coming after you.
(voight)
what do you say
to that, hastings?
(hastings)
this is business interference.
Let's talk elsewhere.
Sit your ass down.
(halstead)
no one can leave
Until we ensure safe passage
out of the building.
(hastings)
you can't hold
these people here.
(halstead)
want to walk out?
You should borrow my vest.
[suspenseful music]
[exhales]
¶ ¶
[rattles]
[gasps]
Not a word.
[exhales]
¶ ¶
[tense music]
Okay.
¶ ¶
I'm gonna put this down.
Nick...
Hastings deserves
to be punished.
But this isn't the way.
You don't think we tried
everything else?
Profits over people.
And now the whole world
is gonna know.
It's not enough.
Hastings has to die.
¶ ¶
Sometimes people we love
get hurt,
And there's nothing
we can do about it.
It makes you so angry
That you'll do anything to
push the pain away, right?
Except it won't bring
your cousin back.
¶ ¶
Ellie was so small.
Even before she got sick.
She was like
my little sister.
I was supposed to
look out for her.
I know.
Get back!
Don't.
Guys, don't!
Don't shoot.
Nick, look at me.
Look at me!
Nick.
Look at me.
I'm not gonna
let them shoot you.
Okay?
This morning, you tested
negative for gunshot residue.
The only way that happens is if
you didn't fire a shot.
You're not a murderer.
You people don't understand.
Hastings killed her.
Not a company.
One person.
He covered this up.
He killed her!
I know.
And we can prove it.
The truth is gonna come out.
But if you really need to
get to hastings,
You're gonna have to
shoot me first.
I'm not afraid.
[hammer cocks]
[tense music]
¶ ¶
Then do it already.
Then shoot me.
Come on.
How many people
have died already?
What's one more, right?
Shoot me.
Come on, nick.
Do you want to
kill somebody that bad?
Do you?
You want to kill somebody
that bad?
Then shoot me!
Come on!
Get it over with, man!
Shoot me!
Do it!
Come on, nick.
Shoot me.
Is that what you want?
Come on.
¶ ¶
Shoot me.
(lindsay)
come on.
¶ ¶
Erin?
[exhales]
[poignant music]
¶ ¶
Just sign right there.
That'll complete your statement.
No problem, detective.
Thanks again for
your efforts today.
There's a press conference
in an hour.
We're going to announce
the closing of the paoli plant
And a memorial fund
for those kids.
I'd like it if
you stood next to me.
- Hm.
- Show a united front.
Our company,
law enforcement,
The entire chicagoland
community together.
The day i stand next to you is
the day i walk you into a cell.
Until then...
(platt)
you two, nice work today.
Keep this up,
people might start confusing you
For the real police.
Thanks, sarge.
It was definitely all kevin.
Mm.
Did kevin also
Hijack the squad
from the 31st?
'cause the patrolman
beefed to his commander,
Said you damaged his vehicle.
Oh, well, the thing with that,
sarge, is that--
It was on me.
I...
I bottomed it out
on the median.
Okay, save it, braveheart.
It was the right call.
Besides which,
A bunch of snobs
over at the 31st.
Yeah, they'll get
their car back...Never.
So am i off the hook?
Oh, god no.
You're gonna hear about it
From the commander tomorrow.
But, you know,
live and learn.
So go?
Go.
Hey, bro, you didn't
have to do that.
Taking the heat from me,
i appreciate it.
Why not?
You're gonna get back upstairs.
Don't give 'em any more
ammunition to say otherwise.
Detective?
Want to give me another lecture
on how to grieve, or...?
No.
I'm gonna apologize.
Starting when?
I just finished.
Go get some rest.
- Come on.
- What are you talking about?
All right, now, hold on.
Just take this toast...
Okay.
All right.
To you.
Oh, kevin,
you don't have to do this.
- Oh, yes, we do.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I believe so.
- [laughs]
Burgess, i just want to
say congratulations
On your first day
in intelligence.
[whistles]
whoo!
All right.
And that's my speech.
- Great talk, yeah.
- Yeah.
- It was a good one.
- Oh, okay.
- It's a good speech.
- All right.
I'll drink to it.
You'll drink
to anything.
Ah, indeed i will.
[groans]
Next round's on me.
(ruzek)
can you grab us a couple beers?
- Uh, four.
- Please.
[bar music playing]
Hi.
[laughs]
You were good today.
- Thank you.
- You know?
Although i kind of wish
today never happened.
Yeah, it was
a little intense.
No, i mean, um...
Thank you.
Now that i got a taste,
i can't--i can't go back.
I want to be upstairs,
adam, permanently.
I know you do, darling.
Nobody deserves it
more than you.
But, you know...
Kev's gonna get cleared by
the board of inquiry,
And he's coming back up.
Yeah, well...
They're gonna have to
make room for me.
[bar music playing]
You will not believe
what happened this morning.
I woke up hungover
at your place,
'cause i'm still trying to
wrap my head around it.
No. I was at
the jewel on des plaines,
And this guy
comes up to me,
Arms outstretched,
saying, "remember me?"
It's landon vanick.
[scoffs]
The scrawny kid
from down the street?
Mm-hmm.
He used to try to pick a fight
with me every day after school.
He bit me once.
[bunny laughs]
(bunny)
well, he has definitely done
some growing up.
[laughs softly]
¶ ¶
[scoffs]
Hey, landon.
Been a minute.
Yeah, i'd say.
Well, i'll let you two
get caught up.
[dark music]
Mind if i sit?
¶ ¶
Ow.
Ow, you bit me.
Now we're even.
¶ ¶
[drama¶ ¶ music]
[wolf howls]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org